Navigating the Website
Home Page:
When you first access the website, you'll land on the home page. This is the starting point for using the image recognition system. On the home page, you can upload images for recognition and caption generation. To upload an image, simply follow these steps:

Click on the "Upload Image" button or a similar prompt provided on the page.

A file selection dialog will appear, allowing you to choose an image file from your local device.

Select the image you want to analyze and click "Open" or its equivalent to confirm your selection.

The system will then initiate the recognition process.

Follow the on-screen instructions or progress indicators as the system processes the image.

Image Recognition Results:
After you've uploaded an image and the system has completed the recognition process, the results will be displayed on the same page. These results typically include:

Recognized Objects: A list of objects or items identified in the image, along with any associated confidence scores.

Recognized Scenes: A description of the scene or environment depicted in the image.

AI-Generated Caption: A descriptive and contextual caption automatically generated by the system, providing additional information about the image content.

You can view and interact with these recognition results, which enhance the understanding and storytelling potential of the uploaded images.

Updating Content
If you wish to update the content of the website, whether it's the web interface design or the text displayed, you can follow these steps:

Locate the HTML and CSS Files:

HTML files: These files control the structure and layout of the web pages. You can find them in the "templates" folder of the project.

CSS files: CSS files are responsible for styling the website, making it visually appealing. You can locate them in the "static/css" folder.

Make Changes:

Using a text editor or an integrated development environment (IDE) of your choice, open the HTML or CSS file you want to modify.

Edit the content, layout, or styling as needed to achieve the desired changes.

Save Changes:

After making your desired changes, save the HTML or CSS file.

The changes you make will be reflected when you access the website again.

Managing Dependencies
This project relies on specific Python libraries and packages to function correctly. You can manage these dependencies using Python's package manager, pip.

Adding Dependencies:
If you need to introduce a new dependency to the project, follow these steps:

Open the requirements.txt file, which is located in the project's root directory.

Add the name of the new dependency and specify the version you want to use. You can add a line like dependency-name==version.

Run the following command to install the new packages:
pip install -r requirements.txt
Updating Dependencies:
To update an existing dependency to a newer version, use the following steps:

Open the requirements.txt file.

Locate the line that specifies the version of the dependency you want to update.

Change the version number to the desired one.

Run the following command to update the package:
pip install -r requirements.txt
By following these detailed instructions, you'll be able to effectively deploy the image recognition system, navigate the website, and manage content and dependencies according to your project's needs.
